## This page hosts the OG-Core model country adaptations developed under EAPD's OG Project. 

### About the Project
The PDF project aims to strengthen the evidence base of policies and strategies for sustainable and inclusive development. We achieve this by transferring tools and methodologies to Government agencies and other stakeholders. The adoption of advanced yet user-friendly tools and methodologies will support ongoing decision-making and national planning processes, improving the work of government ministries, agencies, and other stakeholders. With in-house or local capacity for analysis, national stakeholders will have additional information about the available policy options and their likely impacts, leading to better informed decision-making. This will also strengthen the analytical foundations for policy discourse and support evidence-based, coherent, and effective policies.

### The OG-Core model
The Core Overlapping Generations Macroeconomy Model (OG-CORE) is an advanced quantitative tool developed to assist governments in analyzing and strategizing economic policies through rigorous "what-if" scenario analysis. OG-CORE is a powerful, flexible, and open-source tool to assess the impact of economic policies, including on population groups and generations across time. The model is particularly useful to study taxation and spending policies, social protection and pension systems, transfers, savings behavior, technological progress, and the effect of demographic changes. This model is used effectively for policy analysis in the United States, Malaysia, India, the United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, Latvia, and within the European Union.
